Dialogue Adaptation &
Timing Creation:Sparta
"Fuego Del Culo." Girl. if you're itchy.
it means you have taste.
Where the hell are you?
It's embarrassing.
I can't find the restaurant.
Ritchie. this wet kitty is waiting for you!
See you! Ritchie. a wet pussy is waiting for you here.
Big deal!
Girl. do you want some coffee liqueur?
Coffee liqueur doesn't do my pussy any good.
Okay. tequila then.
That's what you want?
No.
Long live the revolution!
That was awesome. it made my whole
body move.
Yes. ma'am.
So what are you doing here?
What do you think I'm doing here?
Participating in the opening scene.
I've done it. I've lived it.
Pick up the phone!
Pick it up!
Ritchie?
Tiana. hi.
I thought the audience would get it
without us having to rewrite it.
Yeah. it makes sense.
Because you know they
can't read.
I know.
Who wants to see that kind of
stuff. sister-in-law?
Well. it was nice meeting you over the
phone in a very strange way.
Me too. but to be honest.
When I saw your profile.
I almost fainted from
laughter because your face
is so funny.
But paradoxically. funny guys
usually have big ones.
So let's.
I thought you were a Jersey girl.
From Jersey?
Look. I love Jersey. yes.
But I'm a Harlem girl.
Born and raised. damn it.
I got my own homies.
Yeah.
Oh. you're Black. then.
No. motherfucker.
I'm BLACK.
Capitalized.
Not no cat.
But seriously.
Fuck all of you.
Bitch. spit back those
pearls.
What's your vibe?
Go ahead?
So. tell me.
What's your favorite
scary movie?
I don't watch much.
You know. all these stupid
clichés and shit.
Why is the white bitch always
surviving at the end?
Because they know it's
too hard to kill a Black girl.
You know what I'm saying?
If we can survive state
cheese. we can survive anything.
Maybe it would help you
to meet me outside.
Meet you outside?
Boy. you are too desperate.
What's your sign?
Scorpio. for sure.
How'd you know?
Good in bed. though.
But extremely toxic.
Is the restaurant near Allen?
Yes. sir.
You put it on your ass.
Flowers?
No. no. not today.
Stingy.
I heard you.
Okay.
Now I'm going down to Allen.
I'm here.
Do you see me?
I'm waving my hand.
No.
The one I see isn't moving.
He's just staring at me.
You look at him too. back there.
And don't wink.
Never wink.
If you want to wink.
you have to scratch your lips first.
Now they're coming towards me.
No. he has a knife.
Why don't I just leave him
here?
I thought this wasn't
the worst part.
The worst part is that you know
so much about scary movies.
but you still went into the alley alone.
Yeah. but the worst part is that
you're messing with a New Yorker.
Yeah!
Boo!
Crazy. this is like the Avengers.
Seriously. Larry?
I didn't recognize you. Bert.
I thought you were my magic hawk.
This is a dove. brother.
You should have done this: boo!
Boo!
Supernatural hawk attack.
My bad.
Are you done?
What the hell?
Bitch. I'm Tejana Taylor.
Even my belly has an ass.
Hit her!
Help!
Come on. guys. we can
talk this out calmly!
Help me!
No. no. no!
Now. get up. motherfucker!
Bastard!
Tiana. you may have destroyed me.
but you still didn't win an Oscar.
What did you say about my Oscar?
Did I stutter?
You lost.
Right. but I won
that Golden Globe. you bastard.
Oh my God. really?
That's why I never watched
horror movies.
They're awful. damn it.
All they have are
celebrity cameos and fart jokes.
So you don't like parodies?
I prefer Judd Apatow movies.
You know. comedies with "class".
And what exactly is
comedy with class?
The kind that doesn't actually
make anyone laugh.
Tuesday?
Don't answer it.
It could be the monster.
Come on. Elle.
Things like this only happen
in movies.
I didn't expect you
to open the door.
What the hell?
So. this is my life.
Here.
Hi. Tuesday.
Hello. miss.
What did you take earlier?
Just Ritalin for my ADHD.
Adderall for my PTSD.
Some Xanax for my anxiety.
A handful of assorted pills.
And another bottle
to top it off.
Oh my god. Sarah!
How many did you take?
I don't know.
How many are in a bottle?
Hey. Jeff.
Sarah. Tuesday's in the hospital.
She was stabbed by a killer.
You know him. the one with the death mask.
Wait. the one from Wu-Tang?
Why would the death mask killer.
also known as handsome Tony.
want to stab my sister?
Oh my god. Sarah. it wasn't him.
It was someone
with a monster mask.
Okay. that makes
more sense.
It's not me!
Oh my god. Jack!
What?
I was just thinking of wearing it
for Halloween.
My estranged stepsister who I hadn't
seen in years and has a flat chest
almost got killed
by a madman in a monster mask.
So.
I'm coming with you.
Not because I'm the obvious killer trying
to lure you back to town.
I'm just a supportive friend.
What?
Just this.
Okay. let's go.
Get in the car.
Listen. we just need to make
one stop on the way.
I survived.
Thanks to my lucky coin.
I hate it when you guys leave!
Kill me. my son!
Come on. turn off this crappy music.
It's a shame. especially
for a black woman.
It's not a shame.
I'm a badass mom
that everyone wishes they had.
I'm awesome!
Don't forget. I have practice later.
so I'll be home late.
They picked you because you're black.
and those racist motherfuckers
assumed you could play.
It's 2026.
I don't think race
is an issue anymore.
Do you read black Twitter?
No.
Oh. okay.
Are you still messing with that slut?
Okay. stop judging her.
Just because Darryl and his boys
went in on her doesn't make her a slut.
She's not a slut.
She's sex-positive.
I'm positive she's a slut.
Hey. Darryl!
Look who it is!
Early for Halloween.?
What are you gonna be this year.
Bloody Mary?
Hey. my evil one!
Hello. Miss Mint.
I love your hair.
She's giving Octavia Spencer.
Thank you so much.
I gotta invite you over
to make you a pie.
You know what?
I gotta go to African American History class.
We're learning about slavery.
I'm looking for.
Apparently. it was a choice.
See that over there?
That's Kanye.
Right.
All this time
they've been teaching us wrong.
Stay black.
Hi. Mom.
Hi. baby.
I spoke fast.
Then. I put some kindness
in your bag.
You know how they try
to trap you.
Seriously?
Sheriff Grant. you don't have
to walk me to class.
I'm fine.
Jess. there's a serial killer
in the clarinet.
I won't let anything
happen to my little girl.
My boy. you okay?
I'm your boy.
Sorry.
I'm still having trouble
with this transition.
It's very simple.
Treat me
like one of the guys.
Okay?
I can do this.
Slap in the face.
You call that a slap?
Why did you do that?
I'm so annoying.
Bitch.
Not bad at all.
Who lives like this?
Good to see you.
Come in.
Want some tea?
Oh my god. Mom.
You look awful.
Come on. Mom.
This is clearly a woman
who ran out of conditioner.
Watch your step.
The whole place is full of traps.
You never know when
this crazy guy will turn.
Come in.
Okay.
Sorry.
I hate this job.
Mrs. Campbell.
I'm Jack. Sarah's friend.
I've heard a lot about you.
Nothing good.
I haven't heard anything about you. Jack.
So I guess you're a nobody.
But how would I know. since
I haven't heard from my daughter
in. what. six months?
Six years. Mother.
And whose fault is that?
Whose fault is that?
I don't know.
Maybe yours.
Fair enough.
We want to learn
about the terror you survived.
"Scary Movie 3" and 4
paid me a lot of money for a girl.
There's nothing to learn there.
But if you want to talk
about the house. baby...
It's happening again.
Some asshole in a mask.
We have to stop him.
You're not ready. my little one.
I've been preparing for this
for years.
I sacrificed everything.
You're a terrible mother.
Come on. baby.
We had good times too.
Like that Christmas I took you
to see Santa at the mall.
Your turn. Sarah.
Get out of the way.
Hello. Santa.
Sorry if I don't sit
in your lap.
You disgust me.
Mom!
Santa is always like this
every year.
Don't forget to thank him.
That was nice.
Now. back to us.
What the hell?
I'm sorry you're learning this way
that Santa isn't real.
Mom. I need your help.
To heal our emotional
trauma and move on from the past?
Oh my god. no.
No. to kill the monster.
Do you have any weapons?
I'm Cindy Campbell. damn it.
I have millions of weapons.
But none are registered
due to my mental health issues.
So. please.
keep it to yourself.
Okay.
Yeah. I'll be fine.
I didn't self-harm
in all those fights.
I spoke to Sarah earlier.
Is she coming?
I heard a hum.
So it's possible.
No. I meant for Woodsboro.
Idiot.
I forgot about that.
Hey. Jumbo!
Go deep!
Nice!
Speaking of going deep...
I don't think this is a good time.
Everyone knows what happens to teenagers
trying to make love
when there's a killer on the loose.
Randy's right about one thing. kids.
The killer is back.
We need to arm ourselves.
Pepper spray. ready.
Taser. ready.
Anal plug?
Double ready.
You carry this thing
around everywhere?
Easy to hide.
Up your ass?
I'm impressed.
What do you say. kids?
I'm back!
Bro. what's up?
I'm tired of you Zen Gee youths
using words like uncle and auntie.
Psychological manipulation. lit.
luxury camping.
You make my generation
sound old.
I'm not your uncle. bro!
Kid. you're your mother's brother.
So. yeah. technically
you're our alpha.
My bad.
Crazy they let you
teach here.
Teach?
Nah. bro.
I attend here.
I look like a proud
25-year-old senior.
When are you finally graduating?
Until we make a sequel
and I have to follow
you kids
to get my paycheck.
Okay. Tuesday!
Who the hell is Tuesday?
We need to go to the hospital.
Are you going home by bus?
Nah. by private jet.
Private jet?
Yeah. jealous.
Dude. you just smoke
weed all day.
Play video games.
stream live.
You literally get money
for doing nothing.
Exactly.
I leave the hard work
to the elderly.
Still the same Shorty.
Look at my cryptos.
I went up three million dollars!
Now I'm down five million.
This is crazy. brother.
What are they doing?
Ray!
Sister Brenda. it's okay.
Yesterday you heard the call of sin.
But the Lord called us to show
the way to men like you.
Come. my son.
Come with us.
Come to us.
God sees you coming.
So don't deceive
this girl.
You have to come
like you've never come before.
Come for the Father.
come for the Son.
I'll hold your hand
and we'll come together.
Amen.
In the name of the Lord.
leave me. Ray.
Leave me!
My mistake.
Last time.
Let's welcome
our new church member.
Although she's very sexy
with big breasts and tight nipples.
I don't carry a purse anymore.
I don't wear makeup. or high heels.
Red soles.
Just a cute little buckle
on the side.
I don't go on blind dates anymore
or turn right on black guys.
White guys.
Asian guys.
I'm not going to the Philippines anymore
to find a ladyboy.
In Phuket. in Koh Samui.
Back to Phuket.
Then to Vietnam
to see if I can find them cheaper.
I thought it was
my birthday. Ray.
This naked guy has many
sins in my house.
I don't stand naked in front of the
mirror with my penis between my legs anymore.
Dancing like the man
from "The Silence of the Lambs".
Put lotion in the basket. Precious.
I am a changed man.
I have been saved.
I will...
I said I would...
I will love women.
Women. women!
Women with penises.
Menstruation. menstruation.
No. no.
Hok to ya. hok to ya. hok to ya.
Crazy. Hawk. you did this?
I have been saved.
My God.
My Christ.
His face.
My God. so early.
I've been trying for an hour
to find this medicine.
Me too.
If they give you painkillers?
Will it hurt more. or...
Bitch.
Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
This is very good.
It's a Britney Spears phase.
It makes me want to go home naked.
dance. and juggle knives.
Who is this
who looks like Jeffrey Dahmer?
This is my friend. Jack.
Nice to meet you.
He looks more like
Ted Bundy to me.
But these aren't mine.
This old bitch with stab wounds
needs to rest.
So you two. get out of here!
Yes. ma'am.
Not you. Sarah.
Why?
What did I do?
I'm very scared.
Tatt. you should be.
You've been stabbed nine times.
And the killer knows where you live.
I'd invite you to stay
at my place. but...
I don't want that kind of vibe in my house.
She could be standing
right outside this door.
Comforting. Sarah.
I thought I was going to die.
I know. me too.
I planned your funeral.
What the hell?
And I wrote your eulogy.
Actually.
Tattoo T wrote it.
But you're still here.
And I won't let anyone
hurt you.
I had to...
Let go of me!
Help!
This white bitch attacked me!
I'm an electric company employee.
My God. she's fired!
Let go of me!
No. no. I'm fine.
Clear!
Again!
Come on. white bitch.
I need this job!
It's not working!
We lost her!
It seems there's only a fork left.
a crib and pork rinds.
My God.
Director!
Look at "The Wire"!
"The Wire" is so dope. baby.
It's my favorite show. Drugs
and Idris Elba make this body
My God. accept this white
whore and...
Love works
in mysterious ways.
I'll handle it.
I choose.
I won't let anyone
hurt you...
again.
My bad!
Hello?
Hi. Sarah.
Who is it?
Someone who knows
your little secret.
No. no. that's not a Nazi salute. okay?
I won as Prime Queen.
and I'm throwing hearts to the crowd!
No. I'm talking about
your family secret.
You're the asshole
who hurt my sister!
Yeah. I had to bring you back.
Look. if you want to mess with me.
you little punk. come find me!
My pleasure.
Help!
Help. somebody!
Whore!
This is the break room.
We're all on break here.
My God.
Catch!
Help. hit me!
I've been helping people all day!
So get your own.
I'm eating falafel with pork rinds here.
Do I look like your mother?
The break is over.
Please.
It seems something heavy hit you.
Metallic.
I told you. I fell.
And where exactly are we going?
To talk to a specialist.
Go away!
I'm so sorry to bother you.
we just want to ask you a few questions.
Give me one reason
why I should talk to you.
I'm white.
How white?
White on the level
of Candace Owens.
Hello.
Sit down.
When you said specialist. I thought you meant
someone like Mildred Grass Tyson.
I'm Sarah Campbell.
I was attacked last night.
I think you should leave.
I don't want to be stabbed.
and I don't want COVID. okay?
Please. come on now.
Just two minutes.
That's all I ask.
No. no.
I'll give you eight minutes.
And one more thing.
I have to get rid of you.
Leave now.
When did the work week
become the wake week?
We have Black Friday.
What's next?
Mixed Monday?
I mean. Yellow Thursday?
Yes.
Come on now.
Let me get over this.
Come on.
This is bad.
Yeah.
You're fine.
You're Cindy's daughter. right?
Yeah.
I don't know him.
That's Jack.
My potential love interest.
No. no. no.
The first rule of surviving
a horror movie
Look at him.
His eye is weird. it's looking
away. but he's drooling like a psycho.
He's got that prosthetic leg.
It makes his walk
all weird and creepy.
I don't have a prosthetic.
Yeah. the guy does.
You looked at me. finally.
This is your job. Duffy.
Retired.
Look. Duffy. we desperately
need your help.
No.
I can't go back
to that life.
Besides. we're still in the
middle of a global pandemic.
Okay. I'm sorry to break it to you.
but Covid ended years ago.
Really?
Yeah.
What am I gonna do with all this now?
No way.
Get out.
I don't want to see anyone.
And don't come back.
Look at this. Duffy.
It's his job.
Okay. just because he took a shower.
doesn't mean that...
Yeah. I didn't take a shower.
I just got water in my mouth.
You want some?
No. thank you.
Come on. Duffy.
Yeah.
Do it.
Sarah. is your fake mom coming
from Vietnam?
Or can we start
discussing this plot now?
Hello.
You came.
Not in 15 years. baby.
But I bought this.
Rose.;
Cross your fingers.
My old friend!
You taught me how to dance!
How to make killer drunk pie!
Brother. I came back for you.
Shorty!
How are you. Sandy?
What are you doing?
Hello. sister.
I can't believe you thought I was dead.
Yeah. between the weed smoke.
your love
for the sandwich and the racist cops.
Yeah. that's a terrible comment.
Hello. Sandy.
Stop smiling at me!
Wildstar!
He's mentally disabled.
That's his natural face.
drunk white trash.
Don't call
white trash that.
Come on. show some respect.
I keep seeing people
smiling everywhere.
I'm not easy to like. so
this is definitely some kind of curse.
Hello. everyone!
Look what I brought!
Unbranded Jell-O made
with booze and drugs.
Wildstar!
I apologize.
Have one.
I love myself.
No. enough.
Hi. Brenda.
Don't call me by my real name.
Call me "Mom."
Sandy!
You dropped your tray.
Oh my God. Sandy!
I haven't seen you in years!
Oh my God. look at you.
you're still the same!
Without the wrinkles
around your eyes.
And your hair is very dry.
And your breasts have fallen a lot.
Other than that.
you're exactly the same.
What have you been doing all this time?
The usual. neglecting my children
so I can kill the monster
You?
Yeah. mostly getting high schoolers drunk to
stay young and keep my kids at home.
I always knew you'd be
a great mother.
Sandy.
Are we going to hug?
I'd love to. but I'm a Republican now.
so they say I have to be racist.
Girl. I think all white people
are racist.
Come here.
Okay.
Do you want sugar?
Yes. yes.
Mom. this place could
be really cool if you had a table
What do you know about cool?
At your age. I was opening bottles
with Pafy.
Paf Daddy. P. Diddy. Diddy.
All the Sons.
This is not good.
Your mother was the craziest
of them all.
You wanna see something cool?
I'll show you cool.
My God. this is cool.
What are you doing?
What?
It's not like that.
I don't know why you're so scared.
the gun is a blank.
I did it again.
That was fun.
You know what?
I liked putting cocaine in a hula hoop
and walking around.
Yeah.
Okay. let's get back
to the case.
I see you. Ted Bundy.
I look like a school
mass murderer.
I say you're the killer.
Me?
Okay. what about Lieutenant
Dufrane over there?
I have no motive.
What's my motive?
You were the killer
in the first movie.
Shouldn't you be in jail?
No. I got a pardon.
Mostly because of the Capitol
insurrection. you know.
I have proof.
This is me.
And it's framed.
Badass hit.
What about me?
Why me?
If anyone in here has a problem
that could lead to murder...
Okay. okay.
It's not cool to make fun of
trans people. okay?
Just a dude. basically.
Yeah.
Nice body and his dick is there.
You don't know what I've got
down here. okay?
I know.
Everyone who's been attacked
is related to the original characters.
He wants to kill the kids.
He's doing a legacy sequel.
He's doing what?
Yeah. it's a combination
of a legacy sequel.
He mixes old characters
with new ones
to sell nostalgia
and bring more fans to the cinema.
Like "I Know What You Did Last Summer"
last year.
Is that a movie?
What I did last summer?
I think you're talking
about "The Summer I Turned Pretty".
Yeah.
Ray. when did you get here?
I walked in.
I was just sitting
near the men's room.
Mom?
Okay. our killer is writing
his own version of a horror movie.
Okay. by the rules
of a legacy sequel. who's the killer?
I think it's pretty obvious.
Who?
You. bitch.
Me?
Guys. I'm not the killer.
The monster attacked Tuesday
to bring me back.
I think it attacked Tuesday
to bring you back.
He wants to kill the old ones.
That was a demonstration.
Yeah. that sounds weird.
And fuck you too. Mom!
Brother. is she your mother?
Don't be disrespectful!
And call me "Mom"!
Or "Mommy"!
Or whatever works for you!
Oh my God.
Talk to me!
Hello. Sheriff.
Agent Underwood?
I'll give you a hint.
What's your favorite
scary movie?
I'm going with "Saltburn".
I mean. the size of that
Englishman was terrifying.
And Ken Jeong's dick in "The Hangover" was way better.
Now. what do you want. Shitface?
I'm just calling to tell you.
when you get home. I'll have your little girl.
Motherfucker.
It's a boy!
Is this what you're looking for?
Let me help you.
Fuck your baby!
Cradle. cradle. cradle. cradle.
Okay.
Here we go.
What do you want. Shitface?
The apple doesn't fall far
from the tree.
I get that you like it.
The dad's gone. but the gym teacher. the gardener. and the plumber
Look out your window.
No. it's the backbone
of the workforce.
I'm not white enough
for that job.
Let's get to the point.
I'm going to ask you one question.
If you answer correctly. you live.
Who was the killer
in "Horror Movie";
That was easy.
Bobby and then K-Ray. a guy
who was apparently into guys.
Classic 2000s homophobia.
But I got you. you bastard.
Wrong.
You forgot Officer Duffy.
Now you die.
You better answer this.
I can literally see you
trying to steal my package.
That was easy.
Someone has a snake.
Come on. Paff.
Hold on a second.
Watch out.
Nobody's talking about the killer.
You're not supposed to
identify as gay.
I look...
You...
...look at me like...
...a girl.
Come on. girls.
Our new show will have a collectible
monster camera pack.
I'm Kiki West
for OnlyFans Fast News.
Fast news?
You mean bam-bam news?
You don't even have a camera.
Excuse me.
You...
Yeah. yeah.
Three Emmy nominations for outstanding
achievement in emotional storytelling
I'd say the lady from "Friends".
but shorter due to Botox.
Is that what you wanted to say?
Seriously. you don't know who I am?
Honey. I'm...
Gayle Swallow.
Gail Stork.
Gail. come on.
Get out of the way.
Dufus.
Hello. Gail.
You haven't aged a bit.
You have to believe it.
That was my condition.
Yes. your fingers
looked like genitals.
What are you doing in that
ridiculous costume?
I'm back on the case.
Yes. I'm going to unmask the monster.
Okay. so...
Tell me. Special Dumb
Officer Dufy.
Are there any suspects in this tragic.
but entirely predictable incident?
I didn't know what to say.
No. no. I didn't know.
Yes. you can.
I don't...
Yes...
Say whatever you want.
I don't want to die here.
Remember when you used to provide special services
for exclusive information?
I don't do that anymore. okay?
Not since "Me Too".
Okay. I'm sorry.
Now only with hands.
but the story has to be good.
Okay. I'll do it with hands.
Come on.
Let's do it.
What the hell?
I'll catch you.
I'll be right back.
Where?
You took my clothes. you little creature.
It's not nice
to be small.;
Hello. Shorty.
You know smoking
is bad for you. right?
Actually. weed isn't bad.
It has vitamin T. C. and H.
C. B. and D.
What's up. Shorty?
You seem a little on edge.
Maybe because there's a masked killer
drinking tea in my living room.
Shorty. you're my man.
I mean. friend.
Please. sit down.
Okay.
You wanna quit?
To be honest.
I tried. but my mom said.
I don't raise quitters.
So I stopped trying
to quit.
We could
try now. man.
Bro. I don't care how many pocket watches
you swing in front of my eyes.
It's not gonna work.
You can't hypnotize me.
Sleep.
Shorty.
What's he saying?
Tell me about your mother.
Oh my god. bro.
Let's start with something light.
like. do you like ass-kissing?
Yes or no?
The answer is yes.
So what happened to her. Shorty?
She was driving home.
Her car
was pulled over.
Someone was inside.
And something bad was happening.
Why didn't you call anyone?
I had a warrant out for my arrest.
You were 11 years old?
I started young. brother.
What do you see?
I see a big splash of water.
It looks like a civil rights scam.
The police said it was a murder-suicide.
She killed that man.
When they opened the door.
his body slid out.
Like that green creature
from "The Shape of Water".
I just didn't want it to be true.
What didn't you want to be true?
That my mother liked it.
Okay. she liked it.
All the floors
in her room were crooked.
I can't move.
You're paralyzed.
Now...
Sink into the chair.
What the hell. wait!
Sink!
You idiot!
I fell into the wrong hole again!
No. you fell into a flower pot hole.
They're going to spray you.
That dream was crazy.
That was definitely Elon Musk.
Thursday?
Bobby?
Bobby. what the hell...
He's going to die.
Our child. Sarah?
You might be right.
She's tough. but to see her
get stabbed in the groin.
I'm going to die.
Bobby. you're already dead.
This hallucination is a manifestation
of my guilt for being a bad mother.
Or maybe it's the mushrooms
I just ate.
You will die!
Bastard. you're not killing me.
You will die.
Stop smiling!
I can't.
Botox.
This is the psychiatric wing.
Everyone here smiles.
Can you show me
the way to the ICU?
From here or from there?
Visiting hours are over.
Yes. of course.
The network wants me to clarify that Black
Friday has nothing to do with race.
Yeah. tell that
to my black friend. Benita.
who is probably beating people up
in the store right now.
Right. Benita?
Brother. you're not Mika.
Mika had Jerry Curl hair.
What is this. son?
Is it Gillette?
People think it's Gillette.
but it's actually Sharpie.
Your hair looks like fondue.
Dirty.
Mika had a monkey.
I have a llama.
You can't dance. my boy.
I'm rehearsing.
I know how to moonwalk.
And is this Ninadamba?
Jermaine.
Premiering June 19th.
Only on Tubi.
I'll mess with it.
Hello?
Fuck you.
I'm gonna miss you all.
No.
Jack. did Sarah send you?
Yes.
That's why I'm here.
Not to kill you
or anything.
Then why are you wearing gloves?
Would you believe me if I told you I was thinking
of dressing up as O.J. Simpson for Halloween?
But they fit me.
Watch out!
Yeah. cool. man.
You almost disappeared.
I mean. no.
Bastard.
I'm gonna gut you like a pig.
Oh my God.
That was too real.
Wait till I stick
my knife in them.
I've cried here.
I have to go.
Be brave.
He's gonna kill me.
Be yourself.
I have to go.
I'll get my bag.
You're really gonna kill me.
Nobody out there.;
I'm gonna make you bacon.
Excuse me.
I'm a park ranger.
Move aside.
You think you can handle it?
Sorry. you little shit.
What the hell?
My crazy mother said.
always keep a piece.
Go away.
You!
Leave me alone. you brat!
I'm taking you home with me.
The pain!
The agony!
Sarah. if I don't make it...
Seriously. can you stop
trying to win an Oscar?
It's a scary movie.
it'll never happen!
Ask Demi Moore.
No!
What the hell?
I'll watch it all by myself.
Now it's just you and me. ghost.
Who?
And so it's you and me.
You and me.
Die.
Smell my finger.
What the hell was that?
My ass.
Fuck you and your ass.
This is my ass.
No last words?
I want to poop.
No way.
I'm not cleaning that up.
I'm taking a break.
Come on.
I'm not killing anything here.
What did you say?
What do you say. audience?
Your favorite. Shorty. here.
Correct.
Another Halloween marathon.
And another day I get paid
a lot of money for doing nothing.
You. you idiots.
He called me an idiot.
I'm gonna do a quick shout-out
to my sponsor.
Angry Orchard Hard Cider.
Lots of apples.;
No!
Please!
We are marketing geniuses.
The Halloween marathon is not
complete without an adult guest.
He's a legend
in the streaming world.
A round of applause
for Kyle Smith!
Let's get serious.
What brings you here. audience?
You threw something at me in the movie.
I kept calling you.
You disappeared on me.
Bro. I thought it was
one of my kids' crazy moms.
My bad.
Speaking of disappearing.
someone wants to see you.
Hello?
What's your favorite
scary movie?
Let's go there. dude!
What's up. my man?
There's Angry Orchard Hard Cider.
Lots of apples.
I'll do what I like.
Spin the wheel!
Again!
We're gonna go back with these
noodles and hit you!
Come on. guess who did it.
This makes no sense.
This is a stupid game.
You just killed
Kasanet in the chair.
We're making history. man!
Money. money. money!
I know.
You finally arrived.
Now you'll pay for it.
So. this is our suspect.
His name is Shorthand.
He was a caretaker at the house
that was reportedly haunted in 2001.
You didn't tell me something.
Your wife hates you.
You believe the Earth is flat.
And you voted for Trump.
Good times.
You didn't say that about the wife.
I'm sure Shorthand is that
famous masked killer.
What can this mouth do?
Enough.
You look quite suspicious.
I caught the wrong guy.
And you know that
because he's sick?
No.
The arrest warrant says so.
I don't know.
This guy is black.
He's a bit...
...not that black.
Like a brown sauce.
Hit him with your best shot.
Arrest him anyway.
Turn off your body cams!
Welcome back.
Doctor. I beg you.
You have to make me look new.
These little dogs
are killing me out there.
They're only wearing a sausage casing
and a ring light.
Trust this withered. aged.
worn-out body with me.
And I'll make you new.
Here it is. the special package
"White Lady" is coming.
Thank you.
I'll play a short video
about the ins and outs of the procedure.
And then we begin.
Do you wish you weren't
so old and saggy?
Do you want to be younger?
Sexier?
Desirable again?
Just one injection.
Unlocks your DNA.
Creates a new.
better you.
This is...
...the material.
Doctor. this isn't Gwyneth Paltrow's shit
Is it?
I like it.
A lot of material.
Mask on mask.
Safety first.
I'm not her!
I will love and accept
myself as I am!
Fuck you.
Wrong movie.
You thought about it.
What do you mean?
White Chicks. in my ass.
Hello. Sarah.
Tuesday.
I tried to visit you.
I apologize for everything.
Especially for your name.
It was Taco Tuesday then.
I was very drunk.
But I promise you.
I'll kill this motherfucker.
Okay.
I'll take you to the car.
I'm holding you.
I'm taking Tuesday
away from all this.
I tried to run too.
But it follows you.
Now you're probably expecting
a flashback to that movie.
But the movie is too obscure.
Yeah. and you probably...
...had sex. caught some disease.
Like a contagious disease resume.
The killer is mocking me.
Why doesn't he kill us right away?
Speak for yourself.
What are you waiting for?
No. no. baby.
That's how it goes.
What are you waiting for?
I wish you weren't my mother.
Wait. baby.
Are you sure about this?
Yes.
Keep saying it.
So. what does it say?
You got this. Sugar Man?
I have delicious erasers.
Candies.
Yeah.
Cut.
Okay.
And why did you take
so long to show up?
Come on. Clarence.
I called you five times. brother.
Show up after three.
You didn't even call me.
You're lucky I was passing by and heard you
through the hole in this wall.
Fix this.
Shut up.
You need to see a proctologist
to look at your skin.
Having acne after 40
is crazy business.
I look better
than him.
Maybe from this side.
We don't have time
for arguments.
We're going to get it very bad.
We're going to party.
Look at your face.
Watch your face.
Right.
There.
Hello.
I love it.
Come in.
What's in it?
Are you sending secret sex messages
to yourself?
Wait.
Did you see Gay?
I can't find her since she went to that protest.
No.
Red. let me guess. you're Woody from "Toy Story"?
Nah. Brenda. that's funny.
Jake Gyllenhaal
from "Brokeback Mountain".
I wish I knew how
to quit you. but I can't.
You're lying. Mom!
Brenda.
Did you see my big
bag of candy?
It had chocolates. yummy gummies.
lollipops.
It's missing.
No. no.
It's not missing.
I gave them out
to the Halloween kids.
Brenda. this is my stash.
Why is she looking at me?
I get anxious around you.
I'm scared of you.
All this is
to make holes.
To be honest.
Shake it.
You better shake it.
My friends keep
getting in my way.
I have to push them
as I talk.
Do you know how many baby seals
die from plastic?
Yeah. that's a cop face.
Oh my God.
He stabbed her.
Not her.
My pronouns are
they. them.
He stabbed them.
I'm over 40.
How am I supposed
to keep up with all this?
He's not wrong.
Karen. people like you keep the patriarchy
with their knees on our necks.
Now you're playing the race card?
I'm sick of your nerves.
Bitch.
And for the record.
my name is Karen.
That's so nice.
Ignore the insults.
They don't understand that we're here
to help them.
Toxic masculinity
and mansplaining don't help anyone.
I was born toxic and masculine.
I love women
and sports.
Just not together.
Come here. you bitch.
I got this.
Next.
I'm not ready for this.
Look here. girl.
Next.
Move aside.
Crazy.
My God.
I'm so angry.
What does Nadia say?
Can I ask you something?
Yes. of course.
About. you know.
how to satisfy a woman.
Are you talking about oral sex?
Yes.
It's very awkward. but yes.
If you stop talking like a
14-year-old white girl. you might learn.
Okay.
Listen carefully.
First. you have to start slow.
Make room.
don't be stiff.
Use your hands.
Sometimes
you can use two.
Two fingers. like this.
Yeah?
When she's comfortable.
then you use your tongue.
Don't be afraid.
Get into the rhythm.
No. no.
You're going too fast.
Listen.
You have to be gentle.
Talk to him.
Hello. little one.
How are you?
Boom.
Like rolling a cigarette.
All you have to do. nephew.
is continue with confidence.
Did you get it?
Now.
If you want to know anything else.
ask your mother.
I feel so good.
I want to try something.
I thought you said
you would never leave me.
What?
No.
Relax.
I just want to taste you.
Okay.
Dinner time.
Yeah.
Come here. baby.
Be careful.
You can be a gangster.
She's a gangster.
Okay.
Stop.
You're so sexy.
Want some more?
Yeah.
No. no. no.
I feel much better.
Go back there.
Yeah.
Lick it.
Do it harder.
Finish it.
Oh my God.
Like rolling a cigarette.
Here I am.
What the hell?
Hello.
We came to tell you
about the Halloween party.
You didn't know.;
We'll drink. play bad music.
do semi-gay things.
Can I help you?
If you invite us in.
Why do you need an invitation?
White people often come
to parties uninvited
with their weird casseroles.
I'm glad.
You better stop
the noise.
And why are her feet so dirty?
Like she came from a porn set
Her feet are like RVs
Oh my God!
I think you're in the wrong place.
Are you kidding us?
No.
We believe
in music and equality.
What if we show you?
It's okay now.
We're leveling up.
To the East Side.
To a luxury apartment.
In the sky.
We're leveling up.
De-gentrifying
de-genesis.
Wizzy must be turning
in her grave now.
Don't do that
to the black national anthem.
You guys suck!
Get out of here!
Why don't you go to some frat party
and drink until you pass out.
and then wake up with sore
butt cheeks.
Without knowing what someone in a cowboy hat did to you.
What?
Okay.
We'll leave you.
but we'll walk very slowly.
in case you change your mind.
Did you change your mind?
No!
Not at all!
Now?
No!
Yes?
Not at all!
Go away!
Go away now!
Come on. come on.
Quickly!
My legs are starting to get tired.
Kids. I think I saw
an open window here.
This window is closed.
Not for long.
Cool.
Idiots.
Tuesday!
You're back!
Yes. I left my inhaler.
Honestly. Tuesday.
I thought inhalers
were the worst directorial
tool in history.
Right.
They should have been fake.
But we're already here.
so let's make the most of it.
And wear the white clothes!
Sarah?
Go on.
Take your sister
and get out of there now.
Okay. my dear?
I'm an adult woman.
Mother. I don't have to do
any of the things you tell me.
That's the house where your psychopath
killed those people.
Someone wanted to bring him there.
Which means someone
wants to bring me there.
My God. it's not for you!
Why are you yelling?
Because you're so damn far away!
Wait. are you tracking me on my phone?
Slow down. it's cutting you off.
Yeah. slow down.
Happy birthday!
What the hell?
No!
Sorry!
I thought I had to suck it up!
Seriously?
Like "12 Years a Slave"?
I haven't seen that movie. okay?
I just found this thing
in the shed.
Oh my God.
Come on. brother.
This is even worse.
I didn't mean it like that.
Some of my best victims
are black.
Another brother
falls victim to violence.
In the end. race is still an issue.
That's not fair.
You know. black people usually
die first in horror movies.
This gives a whole new meaning
to "Dead by Daylight".
Jerk.
Hey. Shorty.
Hit him. hit him!
We got you. you jerk!!
You're gonna be a target.
Why are you running backwards?
It's not me.
Something's wrong.
Ben. your remote is upside down.
The game is starting. you bastard.
Black lives matter.
Not you. Shorty.
I need you.
What's going on?
Jack.
Glad you came.
Where did you come from?
The mask was just here.
I went out to get some fresh air.
Stop.
One of you is the killer.
No.
Why do you have blood on your hands?
I found Brand outside.
She's the killer!
I'm not the killer.
I'm not even sure about my gender.
I'm a virgin.
No way.
You've slept with every man in Woodsboro.
Fuck you.
Ass doesn't count.
Welcome to Act 3. bitches.
What?
What does that mean?
That's when the shit hits the fan.
I still don't get it. but we should probably run!
Wait!
Linda!
I think it's a sniper.
That's not true.
I learned that from video games.
Not from drinking or lack of parental supervision.
You're gonna need this.
Do you have a bigger one
in black?
Rotten.
Who are you?
John Wick?
I'd say the ballerina.
but nobody saw that movie.
Let's do it.
Okay.
No!
Say it!
Apparently I'm not pregnant.
I don't believe it.
What do you say?
Drake lost to Kendrick.
I still like Drake.
But what about that lawsuit?
It was too cowardly.
I'm talking about this situation.
This is definitely a trap.
He doesn't know where we are.
if that's what we're hoping.
Watch out!
I'm not gonna make it!
I doubt it.
Oh my God. Cindy!
My good friend!
I didn't die!
My mistake.
Sorry.
Now go back there.
Finish it.
For me. Cindy.
I'll do anything
for you. Brenda.
Believe it!
The ketchup trick...
...never fails.
She's crazy.
She thought I'd go back there again.
I'll kill you!
Watch out. kids!
You have five seconds
to show up!
Tweet. you bitch!
You shot
my favorite ball!
Go back to your old plan!
No!
Hello. Cindy.
Hello.
You seem to have forgotten the first rule
of surviving a horror movie.
Never open that door.
I thought the first rule was to never
trust trust.
Really?
Then I'm changing the rules.
Okay?
New rule.
Go fuck yourself. you dirty kid.
Wait. wait.
Why do you hate closets so much?
I told you to get out.
Yeah. but I didn't want
to get shot.
Ironic. isn't it?
You missed.
Oh my god. that was touching.
He's in trouble.
You think you're John Wick?
I'm like a future dog.
What are you doing?
Mr. Todd. it's a transfer.
He was about to lose his wife.
Are you sure it's not an allegory?
Let's get started.
Come on.
This stuntman is good.
Take it!
Shoot him. Sarah.
Finish it.
Don't tell me what to do.
This isn't the best time
to resolve our mother issues.
I apologize.
I was a terrible mother.
Tuesday.
I need to make this clear
for legal reasons.
But I prepared you for this.
So go ahead. baby.
Kill him.
Sarah!
Jack!
I'm glad you're okay.
because I want to kill you!
I won't make it. baby.
Bee. I told you it's for me.
No. Sarah.
You're just the bait.
This is for him.
I'm sorry. baby.
I hate it when I'm right.
You should have listened to Duffy.
Nice twist.
It seems too obvious. you know?
That makes you think
it's not actually obvious.
We agree. baby.
Yes. and that's the twist!
Now go to the kitchen.
Come on!
What are you doing?
Okay. listen!
You see. there hasn't been a good
scary movie since the first one.
We're gonna save this franchise.
Go get our special
guest star.
Hollywood is out of ideas.
Otherwise. why would there be
"Scary Movie 6"?
But it wouldn't work with just the new characters. would it?
We need the legendary
characters.
And there would be no Cindy without
her hot sidekick. Brenda.
You didn't have to emphasize that so much.
Brenda. didn't they shoot you?
Wait. that's it!
Look!
Mom. what are you doing?
Stop dancing!
Oh my God!
Stop the dancing!
Everyone stop dancing!
Mom!
No!
You called me Mom.
You care about me.
I wouldn't go that far.
but I agree.
Sure.
Go get Tuesday.
Okay. ladies.
Time to organize this party.
Come on. come on. come on!
What?
Who are you guys?
We're the ones who are gonna take
over this franchise.
Yeah?
Okay.
My God.
That wasn't in the plan.
Neither was that.
Wait. get one of them out.
Crazy!
Anthony Anderson?
Yeah. and I brought
my friend. Kevin Hart.
What?
Bet?
Right.
I pitched it to Kevin.
and Kevin said no.
Kevin Hart said no?
This little dude usually
takes everything.
He does.
But wait.
It's not over.
Bitches!
Ray!
Shorty!
Yeah. right.
For a year of black assassins.
We're making history.
It's a new definition
of black excellence.
But why are you doing this?
Question.
Here.
Why are you trying to make
a sequel without us?
Yeah. when the studio wanted to
replace these brothers.
That's a fact.
Me too?
You what?
You only showed up in one scene
in the fourth part.
Yeah. but I made
Dr. Phil cut his leg off.
And he's crazy now.
Yes. he's run out.
See what they're trying to do?
They're trying to turn
us all against each other.
They're trying to start
black-on-black crime.
Right.
Shot.
I'm proud of you. brother.
You had a great career as a
sports commentator
And I love that
big podcast.
I love it.
Even though I don't understand
a word you're saying.
On that show
you talk like...
Okay. okay. Benjamin.
Okay. okay.
Thank you. Benjamin.
Kobe.
Enough.
But my point is. brother. I like your work.
But I never got over
'Kazaam'.
Get out of here. Ray.
Bring your big ass over here.
Why did you leave the Lakers?
You and Kobe.
who was at fault?
Okay.
This man
treated me like this.
Shaq.
How big is your ass?
22.
Then how big is yours?
Ray.
Boss.
What the hell are you saying?
I'm doing it for culture.
What culture?
Culture Club.
Come on. Ray.
We kill people.
Stay focused.
Okay. okay.
We continue.
Don't worry.
We are family.
Much respect. brother.
Black-ish is nominated for eight Emmys.
My brother.
Actually. the show was nominated five times.
I am nominated eight times.
Nice.
That's top-tier.
Right.
The nominations.
Yeah.
But you never...
What?
Don't come at me. motherfucker.
This is for Duffy.
Scary Movie pays.
I actually fired her.
This is a copy of a Good Times episode on Slackish?
But you were on the WB.
Nobody saw that.
No. no. no.
And you.
You guys did Scary Movie 3 and 4 without us.
Sorry.
They keep licking leaves. but they don't itch.
You too?
I had the opportunity to work with the incomparable Charlie Sheen.
Nice.
He's a legend. his bedrooms are insane.
Insane.
He slept with 47.000 women.
and 1.000 of them were men.
Lucky man.
Wait.
Are you going to kill us now?
No.
What would Halloween be
without Jamie Lee Curtis?
Or "Scream"
without Neve Campbell?
This is called "Scream 6".
How did you do all this?
Sandy.
Do you know how many Wayans there are?
Billions.
I'm so glad the
old gang is back together.
Okay. everyone in the middle.
on three.
Corn 4.
No. no.
Forget it.
It's for wimps.
It's terrible.
What about
"The Young and the Restless"?
Yeah. or
"The Old and the Beautiful".
Or "The Cute
and the Scabby".
Yeah. or "The Sexy
and the Rotten".
They brought us in to take over
this franchise.
Right.
And you've been here
for 70 years.
I had to keep this
for myself.
My back hurts.
Kids.
They're dead.
No.
These little bastards
always come back.
Not this time.
Exactly.
We're leaving.
Come on.
We're not even ready.
Next.
Next generation.
Bullshit.
Wait. wait. wait.
Can we shoot them?
I mean. they're our kids.
Fuck you.
It's our franchise.
Yeah. besides. you know how much these street drama scenes cost?
Crazy. bro.
I like you a little.
Really?
We have to set fire.
You want to dress up as a bad girl?
No. you dress up as a bad girl.
You guys will do drag.
Dialogue adaptation &
Timing creation:Sparta